MAIN
	BUGS
		- possible bug with horse lock/king talk?
		- interact/next indicator F stays on screen if you fuck around in the area3Ds
			-timer lockout?
	ASSETS
		Michaelwave assets
			-planet/skybox texture - Markcy
			-npc model - Michael
		
		Festering
			-npc model - Michael
			
		Sisyphus planet stuff - Markcy
		Norgans skybox - Markcy
		
	FEATURES
		SAVING
			Will need to include Current Planet ID and initialization
			Will need to include quest states
			Will need to include inventory states (???)
			Will need to include door lock states
			Will need to include map visibility states
			Will need to save audio settings
			Will need to save honk counter from QuestManager
			Will need to save time counter from QuestManager


DIALOGUES (DialogueManager, NPC lines) - 1 day probably, 2/3 testing bugs, Markcy ~2.5 days rework/denoting
	Dialogue needs a thorough pass.
	Delay for skipping ahead (or remove skipping ahead and speed up text)
		if speed up text, speech sound every 3rd or something
	Different speech sound
	Delay for re-speaking to NPC
	
	NICE TO HAVE:
		Notate where in the dialogues swapping from LISTEN state to GIVE and RECEIVE states
		Pipe-in a calculation for offsetting the current Animation Points to the respective conversation points.
		Listen - Give Anim - Receive Anim - Listen
		Listen - Give Anim - Listen Anim - Receive Anim - Listen
		

MODELS - ~ 1 week
	Make higher-fidelity models for the NPCs - Michael
		- Requires Textures - Michael
	NICE TO HAVE:
		Rigs (most can be reused at least once) - Michael
		Animations (At least an IDLE and a TALK, but if we're going this far we should have NPC RECEIVE and NPC GIVE)
	CAMERAS
		rework the camera system to use less cameras
		reframe interactions for every scene
		flatter FOV for dialogue camera angles

SHADER PASS
	adjust shadow falloff for materials for specific planets
	NPC shader if we want something more than just a toon shader?
	wiggle distortion attached to shader

VFX PASS - Michael - ???
	Door particles -
		Spawn	Ideas?
		Idle	Generic whooshing lines
		Despawn	
		Stasis	ZzZzZzZzzz....
		Exit	whooshing lines for open, poofing lines for slam
	
	any NPC related shaders
	Confetti explosion for VICTORY animation


UI PASS - ???
	Holistically approach the game's UI and design.
	
	PAUSE vignette - dark blue gray - 
	
	Unique boxes per NPCs (?) - can be related to shader colors if desired
	
	MAP
		revist the "Map" label on the map
		border that matches the menu UI

POST - minimal
	Exe Icon - 64x64 - Honk counter - resize
	STEAM Integration + Listing (?)
		includes STEAM banner, screenshots
		promotional materials / trailer
		achievement tie-ins / achievement icons
		
		ACHIEVEMENTS LIST	(StoreStats() can be deferred until post-game close)
			Complete whole quest
			Embrace the Void
			All dialogues (Yap Fetishist)
			Speed Run
			Honk 100 times (feel out the number if 100 is too low)
			play the whole game with music set to full (Markcy's #1 Fan)
			optional: singular NPC quest (if these can be deferred while others aren't, that'd be great)
			

TITLE SCREEN - ???
	stars revisit
	buttons updated
	big head half face may not work actually :'(
	
	Reaffirm design direction/menu
	
	buttons on left with shader
	on button hover have AH face different positions interrupting the screen
	purple gradient sky pink clouds?
	AH closer
	letters 1/3rd screen
	
	Credits overlay for titlescreen credits button
	
	Intro screen before the TITLE screen with the GODOT logo, transition into our "studio" logo, transition into main menu
	Sparkle VFX

SOUND - 2.5 days ish
	Different default speech noises
	Unique speech sound per NPC (?)
